README.md, before:


# React + Redux + Webapck + Eslint Starter Project


- [x] [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) — A virtual DOM JavaScript library for rendering UI.
- [x] [Redux](http://redux.js.org/) — An incredibly simple way of modelling your data app state.
- [x] [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) — Client-side module builder and module loader
- [x] [material-ui](http://www.material-ui.com/) - React components that implement Google's Material Design
- [x] [React Router Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-redux) — Simple bindings to keep React Router and Redux in sync
- [x] [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) — Package manager and task runner
- [x] [Babel](http://babeljs.io/) — Transpiler from ES6 / JSX to ES5
- [x] [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) — As a reporter for syntax and style issues

## Getting Started

### Installation

```
git clone https://github.com/nisargrthakkar/react-redux-starter-kit.git
cd react-redux-starter-kit
yarn install
```

### Development

Build for Production:

```$ yarn build```


Hot reloading via webpack middlewares:

```$ yarn start```

Point your browser to http://localhost:8080/, page hot reloads automatically when there are changes


## Debugging

For debugging purposes please use:
- [Redux DevTools
](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd) plugin for Chrome to simplify debugging React apps.
- [React Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi)



### How do I deploy this?

`yarn build`. This will prepare and build the project for production use.

- Places the resulting built project files into `/dist` directory. (This is the folder you'll put on server).

Commit message:

How to keep your project updated add in readme file

README.md, after:


# React + Redux + Webapck + Eslint Starter Project


- [x] [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) — A virtual DOM JavaScript library for rendering UI.
- [x] [Redux](http://redux.js.org/) — An incredibly simple way of modelling your data app state.
- [x] [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) — Client-side module builder and module loader
- [x] [material-ui](http://www.material-ui.com/) - React components that implement Google's Material Design
- [x] [React Router Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-redux) — Simple bindings to keep React Router and Redux in sync
- [x] [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) — Package manager and task runner
- [x] [Babel](http://babeljs.io/) — Transpiler from ES6 / JSX to ES5
- [x] [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) — As a reporter for syntax and style issues

## Getting Started

### Installation

```
git clone https://github.com/nisargrthakkar/react-redux-starter-kit.git
cd react-redux-starter-kit
yarn install
```

### Development

Build for Production:

```$ yarn build```


Hot reloading via webpack middlewares:

```$ yarn start```

Point your browser to http://localhost:8080/, page hot reloads automatically when there are changes


## Debugging

For debugging purposes please use:
- [Redux DevTools
](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd) plugin for Chrome to simplify debugging React apps.
- [React Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi)



## How do I deploy this?

`yarn build`. This will prepare and build the project for production use.

- Places the resulting built project files into `/dist` directory. (This is the folder you'll put on server).

## How to keep your project updated
If your application is a fork from this repo, you can add this repo to another git remote:

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/nisargrthakkar/react-redux-starter-kit.git
```
Then, use git to merge some latest commits:

```
git pull upstream master
```
